br: support access by azure sas token (#13896)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-storages.md

    - `account-name`: Specifies the account name of the storage.
    - `account-key`: Specifies the access key.

>     - `sas-token`: Specifies the shared access signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `sas-token`: Specifies the shared access signature (SAS) token.
```

>     - `access-tier`: Specifies the access tier of the uploaded objects, for example, `Hot`, `Cool`, or `Archive`. The default value is the container's default access tier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `access-tier`: Specifies the access tier of the uploaded objects, for example, `Hot`, `Cool`, or `Archive`. The default value is the default access tier of the storage account.
```

</div>
<div label="Azure Blob Storage" value="azure">

- Method 1: Specify the shared access signature

>     If you specify `account-name` and `sas-token` in the URI, the authentication is performed using the specified account name and sas token. Please notice that the sas token contains the `&` character, you need encode it as `%26` before add into the URI. You can also directly encodes the entire sas token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you specify `account-name` and `sas-token` in the URI, the authentication is performed using the specified account name and shared access signature (SAS) token. Note that the SAS token contains the `&` character, you need to encode it as `%26` before appending it to the URI. You can also directly encode the entire `sas-token` using percent-encoding.
```

>     If you specify `account-name` and `sas-token` in the URI, the authentication is performed using the specified account name and shared access signature (SAS) token. Note that the SAS token contains the `&` character, you need to encode it as `%26` before appending it to the URI. You can also directly encode the entire `sas-token` using percent-encoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you specify `account-name` and `sas-token` in the URI, the authentication is performed using the specified account name and shared access signature (SAS) token. Note that the SAS token contains the `&` character. You need to encode it as `%26` before appending it to the URI. You can also directly encode the entire `sas-token` using percent-encoding.
```
